1- What kind of system would you like the booking system to be? (script-based, option-based)?

2- Do you want the system to just be a link to a database, from which data can be stored and read? 

3- Does the system require accounts/sign-ups/logins?

4- Who will be using the system? Will it be just the employees, or will the customers have access to it as well?

5- If the customer has access to it, can they reserve flights, or can they only check their flight details with a tracking ID?

6- Do you want the employee to be able to input new flights into the system or just be able to register customers into the system?

7- Do employees need to log into the system? Is there one employee login account or does each employee have their own account? Or is the system not protected by logins?

8- Do you want the employees to be able to remove flights from the system or change their details?

9- Do you want the employees to be able to remove customers from the system or at least be able to change their details?

10- Even though it is a text-based software, is there any specific design/look/format you desire?

11- Do you want the system migrated to a text files for the storage/retrieval of data, or do you want it to all be done through a spreadsheet?

12- How do you want the system to handle unreadable characters? E.g. Names and places.

13- Do you want any data fields in the database to be added/deleted/changed? Or do you not want that to be possible?

14- Do you want more than one person be able to use the system at one time?

15- Do you want the system to be run on more than one system? If so, how do you want the database to be updated between systems?

16- Do you want the system to be run on multiple operating systems or just one? E.g. Windows/Mac/Linux.

17- In the case of database downtimes, do you want the entire system to halt, or do you want it to run on another system? E.g. A temporary text file.

18- If the above is done, do you want the text file to remain as it is or assimilate into the database once it is up again?
